hi my name is Chris of Lutz has similar
proof black man here to answer all your
company questions
this is black man answer stop I'm your
host Chris now normally my friend
Richard come here and make an appearance
but he's up in LA doing la things or bad
things so I have an actual very special
guest else the land known as Ohio my
friend of yours
whoa chuckling oh I came all the way
from Ohio I heard some say my name and I
just wanted to run a bar we work because
I am Oh chocolate and that's how I roll
so plus good stuff all right
I enjoy growing girl porn even though
I'm not a lesbian
what's going on nothing you're just
going to you what every person goes to
is called sexual desire you mean if you
see something that you like I mean the
thing is that is socially acceptable if
girls go go to the club and get drunk
they start making out with each other
and once it was we do we just fight each
other
it's just like you just see just dogs
and cat I'm just - so I'll give stood
around with you it's just like me if I
watch something like I don't know
bestiality and I just happy to enjoy it
nothing wrong with me I'm just saying I
might enjoy no I'm just saying my
boyfriend wants to watch me masturbate
but I know I will feel embarrassed why
would you want me to do that in front of
him it's a dude he likes seeing you
naked like seeing you getting two years
old and me personally I think nothing is
hotter than when a woman
turned on in front of me especially ones
up my home we know below doing right
this is height awesome
so wow just seeing that in itself is
just it's dope it's great I mean I don't
hang up it's nothing weird about it I
think the guys doing the right thing I
mean you should ask me like you know
join in if you don't feel comfortable
with it makes you throwing weird to say
hey I wanna get the little key with you
yes is it true the eating certain foods
will make me take this class is it true
that eating certain foods will make me
taste better down baby
yes we don't have a big night I take
something with your ex tonight let me
mix like friends I happen to know that
you're driving myself I know about it
that if a guy eats a lot of pineapple
then his if you have some girls that
happen to go to Chipotle beforehand and
you just they just have to be spicy
talmidim you I guess for you I guess
like it's a pendant very like me
personally I never really went down on a
girl I know I did not I'm gonna even it
up in so I can be say I will take the
different I would imagine oh just taste
there marry so support my obligation as
I may understand but I personally do
enjoy it I like it not actually like the
takes me and Heather watts are the
craving and I just think
enjoy the things brother actually I've
never tasted a different one she hate I
just like her particular takes another
day just answers quick and look rough it
up yeah it doesn't matter because it's
gonna be good to the guy wrong so don't
worry about your diet eating say BJ's
we're still gonna eat yummy yummy yummy
I got pushed in my tummy and takes me a
minute you had an orgasm with myself but
with a guy takes longer why
well honestly meet personally like
nobody knows how to make you happy than
yourself I'm saying like I know exactly
what I want I don't use that what I need
to do to be myself happy
we know anyway I don't use anyway um so
what the thing is like when I no one
else I think you have your venue like
you know you you know your body your man
or guy whatever God you said guys I see
his little boobs
they don't know you so they just figure
it out I don't know when I get it I get
up in in there sometimes and they don't
know what I'm doing I don't know like
you know what I'm just gonna do it with
work the last girl they may not work for
you so the bank Diesel's guys on million
the guy if you are able to get long-term
it still takes longer that's only fun
just have fun with the enjoy the time
you guys have together and don't worry
about it's not a race you know if you
have like 10 minutes I don't know some
girls like it when it rains I'm just
saying some of us do
girls are I've been living with a
boyfriend for about two years now and we
were dating for a few years prior to
that I assumed it moving in together
will result in our taking things to the
next level and our liquor shit
but it hasn't what's taking so long to
pop the question a one pot never boils
pretty much I'm saying you have to like
we have to just make sure it is
absolutely wonderful scent because we
marry this person rich for life yes for
life like holy matrimony till the day
you die some of you think I feel I know
this fuck he's not beside that I need
another great guy come here for a second
so guys won't get mad at me but it
should be real about this yes a lot of
guys will not completely settle down I
think they will not stop singing other
girls I hang out with other girls even
they have long some girlfriends until
you have a ring on your finger right if
you like you think you put up with a
ring and mostly girls are another finger
they're not gonna move settle down and
so it's like that ring means it's all
over so they're gonna hesitate to do
that even they live with you don't live
with you they'll love you there's a
caregiver fight it'll take you out
remember a great time together but
they'll still be out there sometimes
when it's my stinking other shades but
there are other girls you know they
plays gotta play but they hate the game
so when they get that ring on your
finger means is over sir oh we're
holding on they're holding on that last
grip before they finally float away and
happiness with you really so that's been
another episode of black marriages Cosmo
but we answer all when you come all the
questions isn't it Chris I'm going
blonde way back in Ohio
see ya Hector so thank you guys
you